Add new Sustainability considerations page (#10527)
wagtail/wagtail: docs/advanced_topics/sustainability_considerations.md

The [Sustainable Web Design W3C Community Group](https://www.w3.org/community/sustyweb/) is also working on _Web Environmental Sustainability Guidelines_, which will be highly relevant once published.

## Quantifying emissions

To quantify the emissions of a Wagtail website, we recommend three different approaches:

- The [Sustainable Web Design](https://sustainablewebdesign.org/calculating-digital-emissions/) model, which uses page weight as a metric of energy efficiency, and page views as a metric of site utilisation. This model has clear [known limitations](https://www.fershad.com/writing/is-data-the-best-proxy-for-website-carbon-emissions/), but is nonetheless ideal to provide high-level figures for a wide range of websites or pages.
- Infrastructure-based calculators such as [Cloud Carbon Footprint](https://www.cloudcarbonfootprint.org/), a measurement and analysis tools.
- Measurement orchestration tools such as [Green Metrics](https://github.com/green-coding-berlin/green-metrics-tool), [GreenFrame](https://greenframe.io/), [Scaphandre](https://github.com/hubblo-org/scaphandre).

---

> We will build upon those considerations as part of two [Google Summer of Code internships focusing on sustainability](https://wagtail.org/blog/going-green-with-google-summer-of-code/), in partnership with the [Green Web Foundation and Green Coding Berlin](https://github.com/wagtail/wagtail/discussions/8843).

Reviewer: I know this page will be updated later anyway, but maybe we should avoid using future tenses just so that it's more future-proof. Something like

```suggestion
We are working upon those considerations as part of Wagtail's development process. An example of this is the two [Google Summer of Code internships focusing on sustainability](https://wagtail.org/blog/going-green-with-google-summer-of-code/), in partnership with the [Green Web Foundation and Green Coding Berlin](https://github.com/wagtail/wagtail/discussions/8843).
```

Happy to leave this as-is if we'll update this page before 5.1 is released.

Author: Very good point! Thank you.
